hello YouTube that our fungi 11 here
today with the review of the griffin
survivor case for iPod Touch 4G this is
a highly protective case for the iPod
Touch it is a very nice case it's just
like the otterbox defender it retails
for $34.99 it's cheaper than the
otterbox defender I don't know I don't
think it's as good as the otterbox
defender personally this is my opinion
but anyways I'll go ahead and install
that not me take off the case it's on my
iPod Touch right now
okay so here we have the ipod touch
right here you see it is an apple does
turn on okay you can see this room okay
anyways here you have your belt clip I
will go over all that in a minute let me
just go ahead and get the case on so
what you do is you just peel this back
you just unsnap the cases like that you
get that hard laid in there and then you
lay that over the top and it snaps on
multiple sides and then watching here
all the snaps in all the corners make
sure it's all snug you slide it in front
front or back first it doesn't really
matter like the OtterBox Defender I mean
what you do is you just pinch the sides
in close all the ports like the camera
here there we go now it is fully
installed onto the iPod touch and I
could just go ahead and go on a tour of
it so let's go ahead and start out over
here here you use have nothing on the
side oh yeah you do have your volume
rockers I feel okay there look there
they're not very easy there I don't
really like the feel of it to really
really squishy it takes it's really hard
to actually push the button so I don't
really like that feel up here is the
sleep/wake button same story is the
volume rockers I'm down here you just
have nothing and on the bottom here you
have your ports for forehead your
headphone jack the 30-pin dock connector
and your speaker I oh I'm having I
always have trouble getting this flap
open onto the on this always have
trouble
okay okay
they're active it wasn't really hard
okay I'd like okay anyways you have your
headphone jack right there your 30.5
it's really recessed not gonna be able
to get out the bigger headphones inside
I'm not a big deal though just get a
little adapter and then you have your
30-pin dock connector that is it should
work with all cables third party and
stuff docks no way and won't fit on
docks then you have your speaker see
there oh okay so let me close those up
for you then we're back to the volume
rockers that's go ahead and go onto the
screen here it does have a built-in
screen protector home button sticks out
a little bit it kind of bothers me can
it hits really easy script protector
feels fine though
feels like the it doesn't feel like the
glass display but it does react really
good to it so that's pretty good on that
your camera does work up here see there
I'll show you that cover that I hate see
does work there's a reflection and my
flash my iPhone 4 anyways you can see
that let's just keep the camera app open
cuz you're gonna show you the back
camera okay so what you have here is a
camera port cover for the lens of your
iPod once again having a little trouble
opening it then there's this little
groove there you see that there's a
little tap on the back there
simply slide that in and you're ready to
go I don't like this because it takes
really long for you to actually take a
picture of the thing that you're trying
to take a picture of
but it does it does the job I guess in a
way anyways then you have this belt clip
here it's a little hard to get on and
off whenever you actually have it
clipped onto you but it's fine when it's
it's a little hard to unclip it and
stuff anyways you have a 180 degree turn
radius then you have it clip back here
and then you can press it down and now
it's not coming up very easy for belt
for clipping it on a belt and then you
can push it all the all the way back and
it becomes a stand for your ipod touch
and you can simply watch videos on
youtube or anything search the web let's
just show you here let's just go to
youtube or Yahoo whatever anyways see
you can search the web see it works fine
I do notice though that it is a little
crunched up here by the camera but it's
just fine so anyways that is just about
it for this week thanks for watching you
know we'll see y'all next time on
another that iPhone guy 11 video and
please check out my friends YouTube
account that I thought guy 0-0
he's on YouTube also he has also reviews
and a review of this case so you can
hear what he has to say about it I'll
see y'all next time and stay tuned for
new upcoming videos I have some stuff
coming in so hoping that will come in
soon see y'all later please comment rate
and subscribe and like me on Facebook
bye